chore: Reorder/fix data lineage based on latest changes (#1446)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/orgs-and-teams/workspace-management.md

### Lineage

:::note

> Data lineage is in public preview and made available on request. Requires at least Nextflow `v25.04`. Best results with Nextflow `v26.04` and higher. Please contact your Seqera account manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data lineage is currently in public preview. It requires Nextflow 25.04 or later, AWS S3 object storage, and Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS). For best results, use Nextflow 26.04 or higher.
```
PLease confirm this, it's the same message added to the data-lineage page.

:::

Configure where Nextflow lineage data are stored and whether lineage tracking is on by default for every run launched in the workspace.

:::tip

> For compliance-driven teams (regulated industries, audit-tracked work), set **Enable lineage by default** to on so every pipeline run automatically captures provenance. Lineage records persist for the lifetime of the configured bucket, so coordinate with your team on retention policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compliance-driven teams (regulated industries, audit-tracked work), set **Enable lineage by default** to automatically capture provenance for every pipeline run. Lineage records persist for the lifetime of the configured bucket. Coordinate with your team on retention policies.
```

| **Region** | Cloud region where the lineage storage bucket is created (for example, `us-east-1`, `eu-west-1`). |

If configuring **manually**, two additional settings are required:

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| **Bucket name** | Object storage bucket where lineage records are stored. |
| **SQS Queue ARN** | ARN of the SQS queue. This is useful if your Platform deployment requires cross-account access. |

If configuring **automatically**, Platform generates the object storage bucket and SQS queue.

| Field | Auto-generated name pattern |
|-------|-----------------------------|
| **Bucket name** | `seqera-lineage-<workspace-id>` |
| **SQS Queue ARN** | `seqera-lineage-<workspace-id>-notifications` |

:::note
Automated configuration uses the **configured workspace credentials** through the same model as [Data Explorer](../data/data-explorer).
:::

When lineage is enabled:

> - The [Run details](../monitoring/run-details) page surfaces lineage IDs and labels on the Run Info, Tasks, Inputs, and Outputs tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Run details](../monitoring/run-details) page surfaces lineage IDs and labels on the **Run Info**, **Tasks**, **Inputs**, and **Outputs** tabs.
```
